okay well we're up here at Robert Valdez
savage Kingdom to rescue these four
Tigers and it's taken us about a half an
hour to find the place once we got off
the highway and we're here and it's
locked
we've called and hopefully they will
come to let us in we're going to do an
assessment of the four tigers that were
supposed to rescue in two days and see
if the cages are safe and see if they're
healthy enough for us to get them out of
here
Padma
yeah
okay so we've seen the cats it doesn't
look too terrible they're definitely not
I'll be glad to get him out of here
let's just put it that way as far as
their food and water situation goes they
don't have a whole lot especially the
male and female together don't have a
whole lot in their cage and it'll be
good to get him out of here it doesn't
look like we're going to have too much
difficulty knock on wood
but we'll see what happens on Friday I
think we can get our transport cages up
there and they will be much better off
with us and you know definitely the
alternative is them being put down so
see you on Friday the fact that we have
over 100 animals here at the sanctuary
right now means that we have a lot to do
every day we don't know anything about
their their medical history so we will
they all will get checked by our vet the
man will be neutered the female who live
with them will be spayed you know
there's a lot that goes into it and
there's a lot of work for the volunteers
who already have a lot to do so you know
there's cage clearing there's pulling
weeds a few of our quarantine pay just
don't get used very often and although
they're in perfect shape they still they
still have weeds overgrown they still
need to be ready for a new arrival so
we've had a full day of work just to get
ready for these cats tomorrow morning
and it's taking a lot out of the
volunteers there's also a lot to get
ready in the hospital
we want to have our drugs ready in case
we have to sedate any of the animals in
case the vet needs to look at them right
away and and God forbid a case we would
have some kind of situation along the
way that they would need to be sit and
sedated whether that's you know any
incidents happening with transporting or
we're transferring them from the
transport cages to their new
so there's a lot that will go into it
and really you know I'm glad we can
rescue these cats but we have a lot to
get ready we've got a lot more to
prepare
it's hard to see the bigger picture
sometimes you know every time we do
arrest you
that means there's animals out there
that don't have homes and the very few
that that were able to rescue it doesn't
even put a dent and all the animals that
need homes and and we were just lucky
the tiny one was right this time that we
could bring these cats here especially
when we knew that Friday was the
deadline it was either they were going
to come here or they were going to get
put to death but in our reality a lot of
animals are killed just because they've
outlived their usefulness or people
can't take care of them anymore so the
ultimate goal would really be not to do
any more rescues not to have to to save
animals from death because they're no
longer of any use to humans and
basically that's all these animals were
bred for was to be you know to be
someone's way of making a living or
entertainment for someone and in all
reality these are Tigers they're
magnificent creatures that should be out
in the wild
and although we closed a chapter this
this chapter has been closed on savage
Kingdom which had bred and produced a
lot of animals to put out there you know
you still wonder what where the rest of
them
a lot of them were well as far as we
know they were all intact they we're all
capable of reading but you just wonder
what's it going to take to stop this
problem of these unwanted Tigers there
were thirty thirty animals that needed
homes luckily we could say the last four
before they were euthanized
well the story had a happy ending we got
the cat's back here to the sanctuary
big cat rescue we've got one of them
this is Botnick in the back there and
they're all pretty relaxed they had a
rough journey and these cats hadn't
really been out of their enclosures
their entire lives and some of them were
12 years old 13 years old so they've
been in the same small cages so it's a
little bit traumatic getting them out
and getting them here now that they're
here and in the cages they're starting
to calm down everything is pretty good
my girl